[Review] Move fill & repeat files to legacy (#3026)
rapidsai/cudf: CHANGELOG.md

- PR #2927 Add ``Table`` and ``TableView`` extension classes that wrap legacy cudf::table
- PR #3005 Renames `cudf::exp` namespace to `cudf::experimental`
- PR #3008 Make safe versions of `is_null` and `is_valid` in `column_device_view`

> - PR #3026 Moved the old C++ fill and repeat related files to the legacy directories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- PR #3026 Move fill and repeat files to legacy
```
